Pass `x-preview-dam-urls` header to `url` field resolver in `FileImagesResolver` (v6) (#3174)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/heavy-drinks-leave.md

---
"@comet/cms-api": patch
---

> Pass `x-preview-dam-urls` and `x-relative-dam-urls` headers to `url` field resolver in `FileImagesResolver`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass `x-preview-dam-urls` header to `url` field resolver in `FileImagesResolver`
```
